Based only on the provided facts, here is the answer to "What is sugar?":

Sugar is a class of sweet-tasting, soluble carbohydrates. Simple sugars (monosaccharides) include glucose, fructose, and galactose. Compound sugars (disaccharides) are made of two bonded monosaccharides, with common examples being sucrose (glucose + fructose), lactose (glucose + galactose), and maltose (two molecules of glucose). White sugar is almost pure sucrose. During digestion, compound sugars are hydrolysed into simple sugars. Longer chains of saccharides are not regarded as sugars and are called oligosaccharides or polysaccharides. Sugars are found in the tissues of most plants, with honey and fruits being abundant natural sources of simple sugars. Sucrose is especially concentrated in sugarcane and sugar beet.Based only on the provided facts, here is the answer to "What is sugar?":

Sugar is a class of sweet-tasting, soluble carbohydrates. Simple sugars (monosaccharides) include glucose, fructose, and galactose. Compound sugars (disaccharides) are made of two bonded monosaccharides, such as sucrose (glucose + fructose), lactose (glucose + galactose), and maltose (two molecules of glucose). White sugar is almost pure sucrose. During digestion, compound sugars are hydrolysed into simple sugars. Longer chains of saccharides are not regarded as sugars and are called oligosaccharides or polysaccharides. Sugars are found in the tissues of most plants, with honey and fruits being abundant natural sources of simple sugars. Sucrose is especially concentrated in sugarcane and sugar beet.Based only on the provided facts, here is the answer to "What is sugar?":

Sugar is a class of sweet-tasting, soluble carbohydrates. Simple sugars (monosaccharides) include glucose, fructose, and galactose. Compound sugars (disaccharides) are molecules made of two bonded monosaccharides, such as sucrose (glucose + fructose), lactose (glucose + galactose), and maltose (two molecules of glucose). White sugar is almost pure sucrose. During digestion, compound sugars are hydrolysed into simple sugars. Sugars are found in the tissues of most plants, with honey and fruits being abundant natural sources of simple sugars. Sucrose is especially concentrated in sugarcane and sugar beet.Based only on the provided facts, here is the answer to "What is sugar?":

Sugar is a class of sweet-tasting, soluble carbohydrates. Simple sugars (monosaccharides) include glucose, fructose, and galactose. Compound sugars (disaccharides) are molecules made of two bonded monosaccharides, such as sucrose (glucose + fructose), lactose (glucose + galactose), and maltose (two molecules of glucose). White sugar is almost pure sucrose. During digestion, compound sugars are hydrolysed into simple sugars.

Sugar is found in the tissues of most plants, with honey and fruits being abundant natural sources of simple sugars. Sucrose is especially concentrated in sugarcane and sugar beet. Sugars are used in food for sweetness and as a sweetener for foods and beverages.